{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red40\green43\blue32;}
\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 What are you doing here? This is a boring about box. I guess credits go here? Fine.\
\
I wrote this thing. You can email me here: zakk@rsdio.com\
\
The bits I didn't write are:\
\
libavformat/libavcodec/libavutil etc. The FFMpeg project. http://ffmpeg.org \
libx264. An excellent h264 encoder. http://www.videolan.org/developers/x264.html\
\
MIKMIDI: An objective-c wrapper around CoreMIDI. https://github.com/mixedinkey-opensource/MIKMIDI\
                Source included with CocoaSplit has local modifications that are not (yet) contributed back to mainline MIKMIDI\
\
Inclusion of MIKMIDI requires the following notice.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copyright (c) 2013 Mixed In Key, LLC. \
Original author: Andrew R. Madsen (andrew@mixedinkey.com)\
\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
\
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
\
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \
\

\b CocoaSplit License:\

\b0 \
\
The inclusion of x264 requires this software is licensed in a GPL compatible way. I'm fairly apathetic about software licensing, so to make everyone's life easy (but mostly mine) CocoaSplit is licensed under GPLv2.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 CocoaSplit\
Copyright (C) 2013,2014,2015 Zachary Girouard\
\
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License\
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2\
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\
GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
CocoaSplit source is available on github: https://github.com/zakk4223/CocoaSplit/\
\
\
}